Add documentation for SAML configuration testing and Azure support (#1465)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/cloud/users-teams-organizations/single-sign-on/testing.html.md

> ---

Reviewer: I believe this page needs a heading.

layout: "cloud"
page_title: "Testing a SAML Configuration"
---

-> **NOTE:** In an effort to protect users from enabling faulty SAML configurations Terraform Cloud requires a succesful test SSO attempt before enabling is possible.

To test a completed SAML configuration, click the test link in the settings/SSO page.

> * This will attempt to initiate SSO sign-in with Azure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* This will attempt to initiate SSO sign-in with your IdP.
```

> * You will be redirected briefly to Azure. You may need to reauthenticate depending on your session context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You will be redirected briefly to your IdP. You may need to reauthenticate depending on your session context.
```
